Document how to set up areas (#167)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/services/overworld/set-up-npcs.md

![Trigger flag](assets/npc-trigger-flag.webp)

## How to set up a NPC

Provide the required data for the NPC at the `NPC` component  
![Script component](assets/npc-script-component.webp)

1. `World`: The index of the world the NPC is in  
2. `Dungeon`: The index of the dungeon the NPC is in, `0` if it is in a world
3. `Number`: The index of the NPC in its area (a consecutive number starting from `1`)
4. `Image Of NPC`: The image shown in the dialogue box
5. `Name Of NPC`: The name of the NPC

You also need to set up the `Sprite Renderer` component.

1. Select a sprite as the visible appearance of NPC as the `Sprite` attribute.  
![Animator component](assets/npc-sprite-renderer-component.webp)  
![Animator selection](assets/npc-sprite-renderer-selection.webp)  
2. Select in the `Sorting Layer` drop-down menu `BackGround`
3. The `Order In Layer` attribute has to be `4`

## Prefab

You can also speed up that process by using the provided prefab, located at `Assets/Prefabs/Interactable`.  
![Prefab](assets/npc-prefab.webp)  
Simply drag an drop the `NPC` object into the scene hierarchy as a child of the `NPCs` game object.
You can then skip steps `2`, `3`, `5`, `6` and `7`.

> ## Disclaimer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Lecturer Interface

Once you have added all NPCs you want to add, do not forget to update the maps for the lecturer interface by pushing a new commit changing the specific image in <https://github.com/Gamify-IT/docs/tree/main/user-manuals/maps>.  
You should also update the line `mapCommitHash: …` in the [lecturer interface config file](https://github.com/Gamify-IT/lecturer-interface/blob/main/src/config.ts) with the new SHA.

## Disclaimer
```

> If you add an NPC, you have to check whether the `Number` attribute is greater than the maximum amount of NPCs specified. If that is the case, you need to change the `maxNPCs` attribute of the `GameSettings` script located at `Assets/Scripts/GameManager`.  
> ![Prefabs](assets/npc-game-settings.webp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only add NPCs to an area when you have less than `maxNPCs` (script `GameSettings` located at `Assets/Scripts/GameManager`) in this area.  
![Prefabs](assets/npc-game-settings.webp)
Everything above will not be configurable from the backend.
```
Just noticed that because I toured a little bit through the lecturer interface and overworld backend to find that.
